# City saved on 2015/3/9@19:46:30

# Window title
Library
# first street, first avenue, num streets, num avenues
0 0 20 15
# intersection size
38


# Borders

becker.robots.Wall 0 1 south
becker.robots.Wall 0 2 south
becker.robots.Wall 0 3 south
becker.robots.Wall 0 4 south
becker.robots.Wall 0 5 south
becker.robots.Wall 0 6 south
becker.robots.Wall 0 7 south
becker.robots.Wall 0 8 south
becker.robots.Wall 0 9 south
becker.robots.Wall 0 11 south
becker.robots.Wall 0 12 south
becker.robots.Wall 0 13 south
becker.robots.Wall 1 0 east
becker.robots.Wall 2 0 east
becker.robots.Wall 3 0 east
becker.robots.Wall 4 1 north
becker.robots.Wall 4 3 north
becker.robots.Wall 1 4 west
becker.robots.Wall 3 4 west
becker.robots.Wall 1 9 west
becker.robots.Wall 2 9 west
becker.robots.Wall 3 9 west
becker.robots.Wall 4 9 west
becker.robots.Wall 5 9 west
becker.robots.Wall 6 9 west
becker.robots.Wall 7 9 west
becker.robots.Wall 1 5 east
becker.robots.Wall 2 5 east
becker.robots.Wall 3 5 east
becker.robots.Wall 5 5 east
becker.robots.Wall 6 5 east
becker.robots.Wall 7 5 east
becker.robots.Wall 8 6 north
becker.robots.Wall 8 7 north
becker.robots.Wall 8 8 north
becker.robots.Wall 4 0 east
becker.robots.Wall 6 0 east
becker.robots.Wall 7 0 east
becker.robots.Wall 8 0 east
becker.robots.Wall 9 0 east
becker.robots.Wall 10 0 east
becker.robots.Wall 11 0 east
becker.robots.Wall 12 0 east
becker.robots.Wall 13 0 east
becker.robots.Wall 14 0 east
becker.robots.Wall 15 0 east
becker.robots.Wall 16 0 east
becker.robots.Wall 17 0 east
becker.robots.Wall 18 0 east
becker.robots.Wall 19 1 north
becker.robots.Wall 19 2 north
becker.robots.Wall 19 3 north
becker.robots.Wall 19 4 north
becker.robots.Wall 19 5 north
becker.robots.Wall 19 6 north
becker.robots.Wall 19 7 north
becker.robots.Wall 19 9 north
becker.robots.Wall 19 10 north
becker.robots.Wall 19 11 north
becker.robots.Wall 19 12 north
becker.robots.Wall 19 13 north
becker.robots.Wall 7 1 north
becker.robots.Wall 7 3 north
becker.robots.Wall 7 4 west
becker.robots.Wall 8 4 west
becker.robots.Wall 9 4 west
becker.robots.Wall 10 4 west
becker.robots.Wall 10 4 south
becker.robots.Wall 10 5 south
becker.robots.Wall 10 7 south
becker.robots.Wall 10 8 south
becker.robots.Wall 11 9 west
becker.robots.Wall 13 9 West
becker.robots.Wall 14 8 north
becker.robots.Wall 14 7 north
becker.robots.Wall 14 5 north
becker.robots.Wall 14 4 north
becker.robots.Wall 14 3 north
becker.robots.Wall 14 1 north
becker.robots.Wall 1 14 west
becker.robots.Wall 2 14 west
becker.robots.Wall 3 14 west
becker.robots.Wall 4 14 west
becker.robots.Wall 5 14 west
becker.robots.Wall 7 14 west
becker.robots.Wall 8 14 west
becker.robots.Wall 9 14 west
becker.robots.Wall 10 14 west
becker.robots.Wall 11 14 west
becker.robots.Wall 12 14 west
becker.robots.Wall 13 14 west
becker.robots.Wall 14 14 west
becker.robots.Wall 15 14 west
becker.robots.Wall 16 14 west
becker.robots.Wall 17 14 west
becker.robots.Wall 18 14 west
becker.robots.Wall 4 9 south
becker.robots.Wall 4 10 south
becker.robots.Wall 4 12 south
becker.robots.Wall 4 13 south
becker.robots.Wall 9 11 north
becker.robots.Wall 9 11 east
becker.robots.Wall 9 11 west
becker.robots.Wall 10 11 east
becker.robots.Wall 10 11 west
becker.robots.Wall 11 11 east
becker.robots.Wall 11 11 west
becker.robots.Wall 12 11 east
becker.robots.Wall 12 11 west
becker.robots.Wall 13 11 east
becker.robots.Wall 13 11 west
becker.robots.Wall 14 11 east
becker.robots.Wall 14 11 west
becker.robots.Wall 15 11 east
becker.robots.Wall 15 11 west
becker.robots.Wall 16 11 east
becker.robots.Wall 16 11 west
becker.robots.Wall 16 11 south
becker.robots.Wall 8 2 north
becker.robots.Wall 8 2 east
becker.robots.Wall 8 2 west
becker.robots.Wall 9 2 west
becker.robots.Wall 9 2 east
becker.robots.Wall 10 2 west
becker.robots.Wall 10 2 east
becker.robots.Wall 11 2 west
becker.robots.Wall 11 2 east
becker.robots.Wall 12 2 west
becker.robots.Wall 12 2 south
becker.robots.Wall 12 3 north
becker.robots.Wall 12 3 south
becker.robots.Wall 12 4 north
becker.robots.Wall 12 4 south
becker.robots.Wall 12 5 north
becker.robots.Wall 12 5 south
becker.robots.Wall 12 6 north
becker.robots.Wall 12 6 south
becker.robots.Wall 12 7 north
becker.robots.Wall 12 7 south
becker.robots.Wall 12 7 east
becker.robots.Wall 14 4 east
becker.robots.Wall 14 4 west 
becker.robots.Wall 15 4 west
becker.robots.Wall 15 4 east
becker.robots.Wall 16 4 west
becker.robots.Wall 16 4 south
becker.robots.Wall 16 5 north
becker.robots.Wall 16 5 south
becker.robots.Wall 16 6 north
becker.robots.Wall 16 6 south
becker.robots.Wall 16 7 north
becker.robots.Wall 16 7 south
becker.robots.Wall 16 8 north
becker.robots.Wall 16 8 south
becker.robots.Wall 16 9 north
becker.robots.Wall 16 9 south
becker.robots.Wall 16 9 east

